== Kaigi Timekeeper

'Kaigi Timekeepr' is a browser based Timekeeper application for conferences.
Initially, this application was written for Tokyo RubyKaigi01.
(That is a Regional RubyKaigi instance, http://regional.rubykaigi.org/tokyo01)

=== Live Demo

http://kakutani.com/products/kaigi_timekeeper/

RECOMMEND: Browse via a box SEVENBAR bold font (7barPBd) installed.
(the font is available on http://www.trojanbear.net/omake.htm )

=== Usage

Kaigi Timekeepr hotkeys:

* 'c'      - configuration
* 'SPACE'  - start / stop (pause/resume is not supported so far.)
* 'r','left arrow' - rewind to initial status.

=== Installation

Kaigi TimeKeeper requires local proxy http server to workaround the Flash security model.
(If you don't need to remain minutes anouncements w/ voice announcement, proxy server running will be optional.)

0. Install SEVENBAR bold font(named '7barPBd') via http://www.trojanbear.net/omake.htm
1. $ git clone git://github.com/kakutani/kaigi_timekeeper.git
2. $ ruby timekeepersrv (If you don't have ruby, you can write similar http proxy.)
3. http://localhost:8111 via some web browser. (8111 is default and configurable.)
4(optional). Some fullscreen utility should be useful. Megazoomer on OSX,for example.

=== Repository

git://github.com/kakutani/kaigi_timekeeper.git

=== Author(s)

Kakutani Shintaro (shintaro at kakutani dot com), http://kakutani.com

=== Credits

* troyjanbear.net for quartz clock font '7barPBd'. It's free. Awesome! http://www.trojanbear.net/omake.htm
* Unou Labs for soundapi: http://labs.unoh.net/2006/11/javascriptmp3.html
* Miho Suzuki (also known as Suzune-Miho) for amazing announce voice suites.
